here this a house of Jacob who are
here this a house of Jacob who are called by the name of Israel and have
called by the name of Israel and have
called by the name of Israel and have come forth from the Wellsprings of Judah
come forth from the Wellsprings of Judah
come forth from the Wellsprings of Judah who swear by the name of the Lord and
who swear by the name of the Lord and
who swear by the name of the Lord and make mention of the God of Israel but
make mention of the God of Israel but
make mention of the God of Israel but not in truth or in righteousness for
not in truth or in righteousness for
not in truth or in righteousness for they call themselves after the holy city
they call themselves after the holy city
they call themselves after the holy city and lean on the God of Israel the Lord
and lean on the God of Israel the Lord
and lean on the God of Israel the Lord of Hosts is his name I have declared the
of Hosts is his name I have declared the
of Hosts is his name I have declared the former things from the beginning they
former things from the beginning they
former things from the beginning they went forth from my mouth and I caused
went forth from my mouth and I caused
went forth from my mouth and I caused them to hear it
them to hear it
them to hear it suddenly I did them and they came to
suddenly I did them and they came to
suddenly I did them and they came to pass because I knew that you were
pass because I knew that you were
pass because I knew that you were obstinate and your neck was an iron
obstinate and your neck was an iron
obstinate and your neck was an iron sinew and your brow bronze even from the
sinew and your brow bronze even from the
sinew and your brow bronze even from the beginning I have declared it to you
beginning I have declared it to you
beginning I have declared it to you before it came to pass I proclaimed it
before it came to pass I proclaimed it
before it came to pass I proclaimed it to you lest you should say my idol has
to you lest you should say my idol has
to you lest you should say my idol has done them and my carved image and my
done them and my carved image and my
done them and my carved image and my molded image have commanded them you
molded image have commanded them you
molded image have commanded them you have heard see all this and will you not
have heard see all this and will you not
have heard see all this and will you not declare it I have made you hear new
declare it I have made you hear new
declare it I have made you hear new things from this time even hidden things
things from this time even hidden things
things from this time even hidden things and you did not know them they are
and you did not know them they are
and you did not know them they are created now and not from the beginning
created now and not from the beginning
created now and not from the beginning and before this day you have not heard
and before this day you have not heard
and before this day you have not heard them lest you should say of course I
them lest you should say of course I
them lest you should say of course I knew them surely you did not hear surely
knew them surely you did not hear surely
knew them surely you did not hear surely you did not know surely from long ago
you did not know surely from long ago
you did not know surely from long ago your ear was not opened for I knew that
your ear was not opened for I knew that
your ear was not opened for I knew that you would deal very treacherously and
you would deal very treacherously and
you would deal very treacherously and were called a transgressor from the womb
were called a transgressor from the womb
were called a transgressor from the womb for my name's sake I will defer my
for my name's sake I will defer my
for my name's sake I will defer my and for my praise I will restrain it
and for my praise I will restrain it
and for my praise I will restrain it from you so that I do not cut you off
from you so that I do not cut you off
from you so that I do not cut you off behold I have refined him but not a
behold I have refined him but not a
behold I have refined him but not a silver I have tested you in the furnace
silver I have tested you in the furnace
silver I have tested you in the furnace of affliction for my own sake for my own
of affliction for my own sake for my own
of affliction for my own sake for my own sake I will do it for how should my name
sake I will do it for how should my name
sake I will do it for how should my name be profaned and I will not give my glory
be profaned and I will not give my glory
be profaned and I will not give my glory to another listen to me Oh Jacob and
to another listen to me Oh Jacob and
to another listen to me Oh Jacob and Israel my called I am he I am the first
Israel my called I am he I am the first
Israel my called I am he I am the first I am also the last indeed my hand has
I am also the last indeed my hand has
I am also the last indeed my hand has laid the foundation of the earth and my
laid the foundation of the earth and my
laid the foundation of the earth and my right hand has stretched out the heavens
right hand has stretched out the heavens
right hand has stretched out the heavens when I call to them they stand up
when I call to them they stand up
when I call to them they stand up together
together
together all of you assemble yourselves and here
all of you assemble yourselves and here
all of you assemble yourselves and here who among them has declared these things
who among them has declared these things
who among them has declared these things the Lord loves him he shall do his
the Lord loves him he shall do his
the Lord loves him he shall do his pleasure on Babylon and his arms shall
pleasure on Babylon and his arms shall
pleasure on Babylon and his arms shall be against the Chaldeans I even I have
be against the Chaldeans I even I have
be against the Chaldeans I even I have spoken yes I have called him I have
spoken yes I have called him I have
spoken yes I have called him I have brought him and his way will prosper
brought him and his way will prosper
brought him and his way will prosper come near to me hear this I have not
come near to me hear this I have not
come near to me hear this I have not spoken in secret from the beginning from
spoken in secret from the beginning from
spoken in secret from the beginning from the time that it was I was there and now
the time that it was I was there and now
the time that it was I was there and now the Lord God and His Spirit have sent me
the Lord God and His Spirit have sent me
the Lord God and His Spirit have sent me thus says the Lord your Redeemer the
thus says the Lord your Redeemer the
thus says the Lord your Redeemer the Holy One of Israel I am the Lord your
Holy One of Israel I am the Lord your
Holy One of Israel I am the Lord your God who teaches you to prophet who leads
God who teaches you to prophet who leads
God who teaches you to prophet who leads you by the way you should go oh that you
you by the way you should go oh that you
you by the way you should go oh that you had heeded my Commandments then your
had heeded my Commandments then your
had heeded my Commandments then your peace would have been like a river and
peace would have been like a river and
peace would have been like a river and your righteousness like the waves of the
your righteousness like the waves of the
your righteousness like the waves of the sea your descendants also would have
sea your descendants also would have
sea your descendants also would have been like the sand and the offspring of
been like the sand and the offspring of
been like the sand and the offspring of your body like the grains of sand his
your body like the grains of sand his
your body like the grains of sand his name would not have been cut off nori
name would not have been cut off nori
name would not have been cut off nori from before me go forth from Babylon
from before me go forth from Babylon
from before me go forth from Babylon flee from the Chaldeans with a voice of
flee from the Chaldeans with a voice of
flee from the Chaldeans with a voice of singing declare proclaim this utter it
singing declare proclaim this utter it
singing declare proclaim this utter it to the end of the earth say the Lord has
to the end of the earth say the Lord has
to the end of the earth say the Lord has redeemed his servant Jacob and they did
redeemed his servant Jacob and they did
redeemed his servant Jacob and they did not thirst when he led them through the
not thirst when he led them through the
not thirst when he led them through the deserts he caused the waters to flow
deserts he caused the waters to flow
deserts he caused the waters to flow from the rock for them he also split the
from the rock for them he also split the
from the rock for them he also split the rock and the waters gushed out there is
rock and the waters gushed out there is
rock and the waters gushed out there is no peace says the Lord for the wicked